Introduction sentence about query generation (#74)
MrLongbottom/P9-Rapport: sections/introduction.tex

For our experiments we use the Nordjyske database of news articles as our dataset.

We also want to investigate how an automatic evaluation measure can be used to evaluate \gls{ir} methods.

> To evaluate \gls{ir} methods, a method for generating queries will need to be made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To evaluate \gls{ir} methods, a method for generating queries is made.
```

> Here we want to put focus on the \gls{ir} method interpreting the underlying topics expressed in a query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here we put focus on the \gls{ir} method interpreting the underlying topics expressed in a query.
```
hvis simba's kommer med skal dette også ændres

For our experiments we use the Nordjyske database of news articles as our dataset.

We also want to investigate how an automatic evaluation measure can be used to evaluate \gls{ir} methods.
To evaluate \gls{ir} methods, a method for generating queries is made.

> Here we put focus on the \gls{ir} method interpreting the underlying topics expressed in a query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here we put the focus on the \gls{ir} method interpreting the underlying topics expressed in a query.
```
